Ack delays are adjusted by ack_delay_exponent (#3362)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

mean variation.

The calculation of smoothed_rtt uses path latency after adjusting RTT samples
for ACK delays. ACK delays are communicated in the ACK frame as an ack_delay

> field right shiften by the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter.  For packets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field left shifted by the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter.  For packets
```
I know that shifting and endianness are often contended, but I think that this is a left shift.

Reviewer 2: It seems confusing to me regardless.

Can we paraphrase the sentence to something like: _ACK delays are communicated using the ack_delay field of the ACK frame. The field contains ack delay in milliseconds, right shifted by the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter_?

Reviewer: That seems right, apart from the bit where it should say "left".  Maybe we can instead say multiplied by 2 to the power of the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter value.

Author: I think I'd rather not talk about shifting, since we describe it differently in transport, how about 'adjusted'?

Author: And I added a reference to 19.3 of transport, see what you think.

mean variation.

The calculation of smoothed_rtt uses path latency after adjusting RTT samples

> for ACK delays. ACK delays are communicated in the ack_delay field of the

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't be using "ACK delays" as a term, only as a field name. I suggest the following text instead:
``` ... after adjusting RTT samples for acknowledgement delays. These delays are computed using the ACK Delay field of the ACK frame as described in Section 19.3 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.```

Author: Thanks, done.
